Hey
hello my friends welcome to my December
favorites video countdown awesomeness I
just started this countdown last month
and everybody seemed to really like it
so I'm doing to begin this month I'll
leave a link to November's countdown
down below in case you want to see my
November favorites but for now let's
talk about all the things that I was
loving in December of 2015
well the things I was loving and really
really not loving at number 10 this
month is the covergirl plumpify blast
Pro mascara I was sold by this picture I
saw this crazy red wand and I was like
oh my gosh that is so interesting like I
really want to try this once you put and
dip it into the product it does turn
black like the mascara so you lose a lot
all that red I mean I think there's
still a little tiny strip of red in
there it is a very sharp-pointed
rubber bristle wand it is gigantic next
to the eye you can see how big it is so
if you have small eyes this is
definitely not going to be for you but I
don't think this is really going to be
for anyone because it doesn't work it
doesn't do anything it one can see
doesn't do anything it makes my lashes
dark and that's pretty much it
it gives a tiny tiny bit of length I do
like the pokies on the end there because
I feel like the pokies on the end make
it a lot easier to get to these little
lashes over here on the different sides
but overall it doesn't really do
anything it's the formula overall and
also the brush is very pokey so if you
accidentally get too close to your tight
line area girlfriend is gonna poke you
in your eye and it's gonna hurt and it's
not gonna feel good so definitely do not
recommend this mascara and it is quite
pricey I think about ten dollars for
this mascara today at number nine this
month another fail for me was the Too
Faced melted chocolate liquefied
metallic lipstick in metallic chocolate
diamonds now you'll see some more of
these later on higher up in my favorites
I bought a bunch of stuff from the Too
Faced spring line I did not like this
particular shade melted chocolate
diamonds and I'm going to show you why
so there is a giant swatch of it and you
can see as it comes
you can see that it does come out very
sheer with silver glitter it's not
shimmer it's straight-up glitter for me
that is not a good thing in a lip
product I know that it was placed in
there intentionally for the right person
but this was definitely not I'm not the
right person for this I do not like
silver glitter on my lips another thing
that I found is as I ate and drank and
went through my day the silver glitter
stayed while the color faded away and
that is really bad because then you just
end up with random specks of silver
glitter on your lips which looks really
really weird and it's definitely a fail
this particular shade I do not like it
at all so as I just gave it a gentle
wipe this is kind of going to simulate
what it looks like once the color starts
wiping off your lips and that is what
you're left with just straight glitter
on your lips ad number eight this month
are ciate
fragrance nail polish removers let me
tell you first that the formula inside
these babies is amazing like it's
literally you stick your finger in there
and you go ten swipes and it's
completely gone doesn't matter if it's a
glitter polish doesn't matter if it's a
deep color like eight to ten like swipes
on there and it's gone if you haven't
ever tried one of these I definitely
recommend trying nail polish removers
that have these sponges inside all the
cells are really good one also the
Sephora glitter remover one is excellent
and the formula inside here is wonderful
as far as the scent I got the white
chocolate one and the mint chocolate one
do not put this up to your nose and
smell them it's smells like nail polish
remover the only way you smell those
chocolatey scents is after you have
removed your polish if you kind of smell
a little bit you can smell a little bit
of the scent but I definitely don't
recommend inhaling this straight from
the container my big gripe about these
is that they only include one ounce of
nail polish remover in the pot and these
are seven dollars each this is compared
to my Ulta one which is six ounces and
this is about four dollars now I don't
think the formula in here works as well
as these but it's like come on ciate
couldn't you have given us a little bit
more product at least three ounces for
ounces I understand skimping a little
bit on it but I mean it's just it's too
amazing of a formula to only have gotten
one ounce I said that I probably will
not repurchase these just because I feel
like they're so overpriced for how much
product you get even though it is a
really wonderful formula there give you
like this little tiny bit and then say
you cannot have more unless you spend
another seven dollars for another ounce
like snail polish remover come on really
at number seven this month is the Marc
Jacobs remarkable liquid eyeliner this
is a fantastic liquid eyeliner it's also
$30 I'll show you kind of a line swipe
there goes on beautifully lasts all day
long on the lash line the wing will rub
off if you accidently itch the side of
your eye or anything
it's blackity black black black it's a
really really really nice eyeliner my
big problem with this is that it's $30 I
in comparison I would rather get the
jassi's girl one which is my Holy Grail
one it performs pretty much the same but
the Jesse's girl I feel like performs a
little bit better in that your wing
doesn't rub off as easily on the side
and also it it doesn't seep into my fine
lines the way that the Marc Jacobs one
does this is seven dollars compared to
the 30 so because they're such a less
expensive dupe out there that performs
better that's the only reason why this
goes down on my list of favorites as far
as the count down one way you can doctor
this if you find it seeping into your
fine lines is to take an angled liner
brush or an angled brow brush and just
rub it on the edge of your lash line
where you see it feathering out and it
will blend out very very nicely when you
do that so just have one of these handy
to blend out where it seeps into your
fine lines and it does it will work and
it will be a workable product for you
but the $30 price tag I do feel like
it's over priced at number six
a month I have the makeup teeth duo
chromes I did get these in four
different shades
I got kaleidoscope I got mood ring I got
chameleon and I got hologram right here
are the swatches of those duo Chrome's
you can see the shine that can go on
them and then you can see kind of how
dull they get when they're out of the
shine so when you use these expect to
get both that dull shade and that shiny
shade depending on how you're looking at
the eye this one here is called mood
ring this is kaleidoscope this is
hologram you can see it's got that red
shade there and then this one is
chameleon they're really fun to play
with so overall I do really like this
formula I really like how pigmented they
are how fun they are how unique they are
they're they're very enjoyable to use
but you definitely have to expect that
you're gonna get multi shades with this
depending on how you're looking at your
eye and it may look a little dull at
times but it may look extremely vibrant
at times depending on how the light is
catching on your eye my other complaint
about these is the sifter now the
sifters came on the Sun so when I opened
it I did have a little bit of mess when
I open up the packaging and then I had
to press the sifter on top now you can
see the sifter isn't really a sifter
it's just kind of a plastic disc with a
hole in the center this fits perfectly
on the finger to go like this to get the
product out enough to get on your finger
but it's difficult to use with a brush
it's kind of hard to figure out how it's
used I do have on here like what I'll do
sometimes I'll tap it into the cap and
then try to put it back in but then it
get kind of gets all over the place and
it is kind of messy
I know makeup geek is having some
trouble with their sifters for their new
formula which are called sparklers so I
don't know what's going on with the
sifter issue I don't know why
traditional sifters just don't work for
them or if they're just trying to do
something unique but that is definitely
an issue that I'm seeing with these is
just the just the not usability of the
packaging I mean
than that the packaging is gorgeous it's
really beautiful
it's just that sifter thing they've
gotta master then got to figure out a
way to work that out because it's just
it's not working it's not working this
will not be a shocker to anybody that
saw my to face video is unicorn tears of
I to face this is a really really fun
lipstick to play with every time I do
use it as a topper I have to wipe it off
so I'll just kind of show you what that
looks like and then I'll wipe away the
extra there and then the blue is exposed
I have used so much of this already that
is all the product I have left I
probably used a 1/4 to 1/3 of this
product already I might be repurchasing
it I love it so much it's really really
fun to use I'm gonna go ahead and put an
image here that I did put on Instagram
of unicorn tears on top of different lip
products you don't have to use this with
Too Faced lip products you can use this
with any lip product that you like it
just gives kind of an iridescent shine
it turns anything that you are you have
on your lips to a more pinky shade to a
cooler shade and it's just a really fun
transforming lip color it looks
absolutely awful on the lips by itself
for me and my personal taste I hate the
way it looks by itself but as a topper
it's absolutely gorgeous
and really really fun to play with my
biggest complain about this is it does
have very subtle blue sparkles in it
that are left behind similar to the way
that the diamonds are left behind but
it's not as bad as this this is workable
and the thing about this too is if you
put any lip product over top of it it
the blue sparkles kind of blend and you
don't really see them anymore so I don't
feel like it's as big of a problem with
this as it is with the chocolate
diamonds but it really is a fun product
to play with and I definitely recommend
it it is so moisturizing and the scent
there really isn't there's a very very
mild sweet scent with a little bit of
plastic thrown in but it doesn't have a
strong scent at all it's just a really
nice formula that look Brown formula is
my favorite lipstick formula of all time
and this is just a fun product to play
with number 4 this month
another two-faced product these are the
new to face melted chocolate liquefied
lipsticks into other shades chocolate
milkshake and chocolate honey I do
really love this form uh they have
really improved on the melted formula I
found that the previous melted formula
had some flaking issues some opacity
issues some drying issues things like
that these I feel like are much much
much better they are not perfect though
I do find after about 30 minutes my lips
are starting to dry out and I need
something over top or I need to reapply
just to give me a little bit more
moisture so just be aware of that
especially if you're very sensitive to
products drying your lips out you
probably still won't like these but the
flaking issue is now gone and the colors
are beautiful these two colors are just
I love these two colors I wish they
would come out with more shades the
other thing about these is that they do
smell like chocolate but they're more
like a lip balm fakey chocolate then a
look at root chocolate like the
chocolate bar palette has more of like a
milky like chocolate milk kind of smell
where these are more like chocolate lip
balm II if that makes sense
so definitely recommend these I really
like them a lot if you can handle the
chocolate smell and if you don't mind
applying them with some kind of lip balm
or something to keep your lips hydrated
and number three this month something
not from Too Faced were all done with
the two-faced products I have the cargo
HD picture perfect CC cream I really
like this stuff a lot I got it in my
generation beauty swag bag and I
absolutely love it it comes out this
white ish kind of shade this is the
shade medium and then when you when you
blend it in it blends into your skin
tone and that Kohl it's very neat it
gives a very light to medium coverage
please don't expect this to be like a
foundation and this one does have a tad
bit of a yellow tone to it you can see
but that doesn't bother me personally at
all I really like the way that this
feels when it goes on and lasting power
is very very very good that's why it's
so high up this month is because of the
lasting power and I love the finish that
it leaves on my skin it's not matte but
it's not do be either it's got an it's
like a nice mix of matte and dewy you
know it's a natural looking finish it
looks really really nice on the skin I'm
so so happy with it
again this is a cargo HD picture perfect
CC cream broad-spectrum SPF 20 getting
down to the top two products of this
month the number two product is this
tarte smooth operator Amazonian clay
pressed finishing powder really been
loving this this month I was a little
scared of this my husband John actually
bought this quite a long time ago for
filming and when he was he was doing a
little dabbling in makeup
it's a long story this was something
that he had purchased and because of the
white color I was really scared to try
it I thought it was gonna leave a white
cast on my face I thought that it was
going to not blend in nicely but it
really does blend very very nicely on
the skin I'm gonna go ahead and put it
over top of the the CC cream that I just
applied so you can kind of see how it
mattifies the skin and it just leaves a
really nice not matte natural look to
the skin it's not super matte it's just
it's beautiful it's absolutely beautiful
and definitely extends the wear of my
makeup when I use it highly recommend
this and then the very last and number
one product in December which I'm
actually quite there's a little sadness
in my heart as I say this is the number
one product because I did not want to
love these I didn't want to love them
but I do and it's my Sigma brush set
that I got and I and I just can't I I'm
sad that I love it so much because
there's so much hype on YouTube about
Sigma brushes and you know I'm saying
your thing out there's so much hype it's
not real the hype is real my friends the
hype is definitely real I have been
loving these brushes absolutely loving
and this was like a favorites kit
something like that I think it was like
$70 but you get all these brushes and it
was so so so worth it this one is the
tapered highlighter it's the f-35 brush
I have been using this for highlighting
I've been using it for studying my under
eyes I've been using it for contouring
and
is a really fun brush to use it's very
very soft
I love the points on the ends it just
makes it really nice for sculpting for
highlighting for setting it's just a
perfect perfect brush I love this brush
another one I've been absolutely loving
for the eyes is the cinema blending
brush the e25 brush I use this both to
Pat color onto the lid and also to blend
shadows up into my crease and this is a
really fun brush one thing that I really
love about this is how tapered the the
tip is so it picks up a lot of product
but not so much product that it's
difficult to work with and it does get
dirty very easily just be aware of that
but it's it's just a wonderful brush
it's wonderful another one is the Sigma
flat kabuki the f80 brush this is an
exact dupe for my outer beauty flat
kabuki brush so if you don't want the
Sigma one but you want to try the f80
definitely try out outer beauty hashtag
not sponsored but there it's it's pretty
much exactly the same but this is a
really nice brush for blending out
foundation for really buffing and out
gives a really nice finish to the skin
when when I use this for a foundation I
absolutely love it and then the next one
that I've really been loving is the
pencil brush the e30 brush oh my gosh I
feel like it's like what did i do before
i had this brush I had a Wayne Goss
number 20 brush which I was using for
this purpose but I actually really like
this one better it's really nice for
just detailing into the crease and
really getting a deep deep color to just
deepen up that crease area to give you
that nice contrast and really fantastic
it picks up a lot of product that the
taper goes way way way down and it's
just a love this brush love this brush
it's that the perfect amount of
stiffness the perfect amount of softness
and it's just I wouldn't improve on in
any way this is the one that I've used
the least this is the tapered e-40 brush
because I have so many brushes that are
like this I feel like this brush is very
easily do pible like I'd have this one
here this is by everyday minerals it's
very very similar this one here is by
luck see this is the 2:05 tapered
blending brush
and this is not a unique brush I feel
like you can get this in lots of
different brands those are probably the
only ones that I have out right now but
I know I have other brushes that are
very similar to this but I mean it does
a wonderful job don't get me wrong I
just feel like it's stupa Bowl for
blending out colors I don't put color on
this brush this is strictly for me for
moving colors around that are already on
my eye so I keep this very very clean so
that I can use it to move color without
adding any additional color and it does
work really really well but I don't
think it works any better than some of
my other blending fluffy blending
brushes that I have so that was my
December favorites video I hope you
enjoyed it I hope that you learned a lot
about some products that you either want
to try or definitely don't want to try
I'd love to hear your opinion of these
products down below because what works
for me may not work for you and what
works for you may not work for me
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video you can give this
video a thumbs up and you can also hit
the subscribe button which is right
there so that you can enjoy my future
videos including future favorites videos
and what's up a makeup every Sunday
morning at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time where
I tell you all the latest makeup
products all over the United States
thank you again for watching mad love
and I'll see you in a video soon
happy new year